---
layout: default
title: docs
section: docs
---
<div class="container">

  <div class="row">
    <div class="span3 bs-docs-sidebar">
      <ul class="nav nav-list bs-docs-sidenav">
        <li><a href="#about"><i class="icon-chevron-right"></i> About</a></li>
        <li><a href="#start"><i class="icon-chevron-right"></i> Getting started</a></li>
        <li><a href="#license"><i class="icon-chevron-right"></i> License</a></li>
      </ul>
    </div>
    <div class="span9">

      <section id="about">
        <div class="page-header">
          <h1>About</h1>
        </div>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis pharetra lorem eget justo suscipit consectetur. Suspendisse nec massa eu arcu iaculis viverra commodo quis libero. Praesent sem purus, iaculis eu adipiscing sit amet, auctor vel quam. Donec ut nibh velit, vulputate vulputate odio. Phasellus mattis enim et quam sagittis consequat. Nam blandit tortor id ante egestas vel congue libero posuere. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Donec blandit fringilla nisi, ac mattis nunc iaculis at. Mauris at pellentesque quam.

Proin facilisis auctor quam sit amet vulputate. Sed auctor fringilla orci, quis interdum eros euismod eu. Proin sollicitudin luctus ipsum, id vulputate urna hendrerit a. Etiam bibendum urna vel nulla congue ut viverra nibh auctor. Sed ut magna sem. Mauris enim urna, tincidunt et scelerisque nec, rutrum vel mi. Mauris congue luctus sem, id euismod felis tincidunt nec. Cras semper, eros ut rutrum convallis, nulla nunc venenatis lectus, in facilisis dui felis non elit. Duis suscipit eros at neque hendrerit scelerisque. Donec massa enim, facilisis et tincidunt non, vulputate a urna. Aliquam porttitor lobortis enim, sed tempor augue condimentum in. Proin sagittis, eros quis tempor faucibus, magna metus sagittis dui, sed scelerisque ipsum risus quis lorem. Nulla vel massa tellus, sed ullamcorper lacus.

In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Morbi in felis quis ante ultrices pellentesque. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Curabitur dictum varius risus quis interdum. Praesent erat felis, eleifend vitae bibendum a, malesuada et dui. Aenean turpis dui, luctus non facilisis non, dignissim sed nisi. Sed ante sapien, tincidunt sed aliquam varius, tristique pretium diam. Phasellus magna felis, pretium vel accumsan ac, semper eget augue. Quisque nec congue erat. Vivamus ac risus nec diam molestie congue. Ut urna odio, rutrum a sollicitudin a, pharetra ut sapien. Sed massa ipsum, egestas id viverra sed, lobortis ac risus. Nulla facilisi. Vivamus varius dui sed dui eleifend vitae vestibulum erat pharetra.

      </section>

      <section id="build">
        <div class="page-header">
          <h1>Build instructions</h1>
        </div>

        <h2>Build prerequisites</h2>

        In order to build RoboVM you will need the following tools:

        * "Git 1.7 or newer":http://git-scm.com
        * "CMake 2.8.8 or newer":http://www.cmake.org
        * Java JDK 6 or newer - "Oracle's JDK":http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html or "OpenJDK":http://openjdk.java.net should work
        * "Maven 3":http://maven.apache.org
        * C/C++ compiler - GCC on Linux, clang on Mac OS X

        <h3>Installing the required build tools on Mac OS X</h3>
        
        * Xcode 4.5.2 includes clang and Git and is available from the Mac App Store. Once installed start Xcode and install the "Command Line Tools" component from the Downloads section under the Xcode -> Preferences... menu.
        * Get CMake from the URL above and install it.
        * Get Maven from the URL above and install it.

        <h3>Installing the required build tools on Ubuntu 12.04 (AMD64)</h3>

        All the required tools are available in the standard Ubuntu repositories. The cmake version in Ubuntu 12.04 is too old so we use the version from Ubuntu 12.10:

        <pre>
          wget http://us.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/pool/main/c/cmake/cmake_2.8.9-0ubuntu1_amd64.deb
          wget http://us.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/pool/main/c/cmake/cmake-data_2.8.9-0ubuntu1_all.deb
          sudo apt-get install build-essential gcc-multilib git openjdk-7-jdk maven
          sudo dpkg -i cmake*.deb
        </pre>

        <h2>Building RoboVM</h2>

        Run the following in a terminal to build RoboVM:

        <pre>
          git clone https://github.com/robovm/robovm.git
          cd robovm/vm
          ./build.sh --build=Debug
          cd ..
          mvn -DskipTests=true clean install
        </pre>

        You should now have a tar.gz package in dist/target that you can install using the instructions in the <a href="#install">Install</a> section below.

      </section>

      <section id="install">
        <div class="page-header">
          <h1>Install</h1>
        </div>
      </section>

      <section id="license">
        <div class="page-header">
          <h1>License</h1>
        </div>
        
      </section>

    </div>

</div>
